# 		README

​												卞证，韩霄，唐之遥，彭金泉，林志远



## Issues we choose:

1. issue #313: [Chinese IdNumber is invalid](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/313)
2. issue #380: [Let for the phoneNumber() and cellPhone() methods put a format](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/380)
3. issue #438: [I want to Generate random disease name how can i](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/438)
4. issue #458: [number().numberBetween(int min, int max) does not generate max-1](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/458)
5. issue #468: [Implementing new class Gender](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/468)
6. issue #498: [Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password](https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/498)

## Reasons for choosing these issues

##### issue #313: Chinese IdNumber is invalid

If Chinese users want to generate some random information of a Chinese, the original code will not achieve this target. So, I want to add a feature to let the java faker support generating valid Chinese id number.

##### issue #380: Let for the phoneNumber() and cellPhone() methods put a format

In some cases, we need phone number to start from a specific number. For example, a phone number in China need to start from `89`. Therefore, we want the two function could receive a argument which is the format of the phone number like `[2-4]x-xx-xx-xx`(support regex), then generate suitable phone numbers.

##### issue #438:  I want to Generate random disease name how can i

This issue is a feature request for implementing new class Disease. This issue can help java faker to cover more  field.

##### issue #458: number().numberBetween(int min, int max) does not generate max-1

We need to fix this bug to let java faker more correct.

##### issue #468: Implementing new class Gender

This issue is a feature request for implementing new class Gender. We choose it because it could perfect the vacancy of java faker.

##### issue #498:Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password

This issue is a bug that "Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password."



## Test Scenario

##### for issue #313 Chinese IdNumber is invalid and

#####  #380 Let for the phoneNumber() and cellPhone() methods put a format:

We run the function `faker.phoneNumber().cellPhone() ` or `faker.phoneNumber().phoneNumber() ` with an argument , which indicates the format of the phone number or cell phone number. Then compare the result with the format we want and observe whether it is true

When user set the argument of `phoneNumber()` like `[2-4]#####` or `[2-4][3-7]#####` he will get a phone number like `321134`  or `235609` representatively. Which satisfies his requirement.

When user set the argument of `cellNumber()` like`[5-9]#-##-##` or  `[3-7][7-9]-##-##-##`, he will get a phone number like`813614` or `58-23-41` representatively. Which satisfies his requirement.

At the same time,  if we run `faker.idNumber().cnValid() `, then we can generate the id number randomly, and the id number is in accordance with Chinese law, and the date of birth is from 1950 to 2019. *This id number is randomly generated and it has no parameter, so one test scenario is enough.*

##### issue #438: I want to Generate random disease name how can i

The test scenario of this function is to randomly generate a type of disease. The data of types of disease isfrom Wikipedia. Later I may add specific disease names. To update the types or add names, just update `disease.yml`file.

##### for issue #458: number().numberBetween(int min, int max) does not generate max-1

Test scenario:

When running `number().numberBetween(int min, int max)`, some of the test case can not generate `max-1`

Reproduce:

```java
@Test
public void numberBetweenInputInt() {
    for (int i = 1; i <= 100; i++) {
        boolean canFind = findLastNumber(i);
        assertTrue(canFind);
    }
}
public boolean findLastNumber(int number) {
    for (int i = 0; i < 100000; i++) {
        int r = faker.number().numberBetween(0, number);
        if (r == number - 1) {
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```



##### issue #468: Implementing new class Gender

To test the function, here is an scenario. When we want to randomly generator some person, we can use this function to generator the gender of a person randomly.  And the function can well fixed in many scenario. Also, if a programmer want to add a type of gender, he/she just need to add the new data in the `gender.yml` file and don't need to change the realization of the Gender class.

##### for issue #498: Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password

Reproduce:

This error caused by an incorrect parameter range during a function call, as follow:

```java
// call statement
Faker.instance().internet().password(32, 32, true, true, true);
```



## User stories

##### for issue #313: Generating Chinese Id number

If the user wants to generate an id number in accordance with Chinese law, he first needs to create a `faker` object and call `idNumber` through this object, and then call `cnValid` using the method of `idNumber`. `cnValid` can return a string id number directly.

```java
Faker faker = new Faker();
String cnIdNumber = faker.idNumber().cnValid();
System.out.println(cnIdNumber);
```



##### for issue #380: Let for the phoneNumber() and cellPhone() methods put a format

We run the function with an argument , which indicates the format of the phone number or cell phone number. When user set the argument of `phoneNumber()` like `[2-4]#####` or `[2-4][3-7]#####` he will get a phone number like `321134`  or `235609` representatively.



##### for issue #438: Generate random disease

There are a lot of parameters in `Faker` class, and these parameters are actually the random data that `faker` can generate.Therefore, when users want to use java faker, they only need to first create a `faker` object and then call the methods of the corresponding parameters in the object to generate the desired data.

The usage of the new function:

```java
// create an instance of Faker
Faker faker = new Faker();
// call the disease() method to return an instance of Disease
// then call the corresponding method to get the result
String types = faker.disease().types();
```



##### issue #458: number().numberBetween(int min, int max) does not generate max-1

In the beginning, when generating numbers between `min` and `max`, the following values are never obtained: `max` (which is an expected behaviour), and `max - 1` (which is not an expected behaviour).
In the following code.

But now, this bug has been fixed.



##### issue #468: Implementing new class Gender

When users want to use java faker, they only need to first create a `faker` object and then call the methods `gender()`. The user can then call the function in gender to get the gender type which they want.

To use the new function:

```java
// create an instance of Faker
Faker faker = new Faker();
// call the gender() method to return an instance of Gender
// then call the corresponding method to get the result
String types = faker.gender().types();
String bTypes = faker.gender().binaryTypes();
String sTypes = faker.gender().shortBinaryTypes();
```



##### issue #498: Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password

Now , when input two equal parameters, the function will not throw out error. And also the result is correct.



## Implement Features or Fix Bugs

##### issue #313:Generating Chinese Id number

The first 6 digits of the Chinese id number are the region number（地区编号）, the 7-14 digits are the date of birth, and the 15-17 digits are the serial Numbers of the same region born on the same day, which are from 001 to 999. The last bit is the validity code, which generated by the first 17 digits.

First, we add a new class `CnIdNumber`in `idnumbers` folder,In the class there are 3 new function,  `getmainstr()`, `cnEncoding()`, `getValidCn()`.

`getmainstr()` is used to initially generate the first 17 digits of the id number by entering the original id regular expression.

`cnEncoding() ` is used to generate the last bit by the original 17 digits with some resolution.

`getValidCn()` is used to merge the two part into a complete id number.



##### issue #380: Let for the phoneNumber() and cellPhone() methods put a format

Analyze the string, keep the regular expression in it, and then call the library function to convert it.



##### issue #438: Generate random disease

First, I add a `disease.yml` file which store the data of the gender, the data now just contains ¡°types¡±.

Second, I create a class Disease to get the disease from the data file randomly.

Third, create JUnit test class to test the new function.

The function is well used.



##### issue #458: number().numberBetween(int min, int max) does not generate max-1

Modify the method `Number.numberBetween(long,long)`, `Number.numberBetween(int,int)` and `Number.randomNumber()`

In these method, use the `faker.random().nextLong()/nextInt()` to replace the position of `decimalBetween(long,long)`



##### issue #468: Implementing new class Gender

First, add a `.yml` file which store the data of the gender.

Second, create a class `Gender` to get the gender from the data file randomly.

Third, create test class to test the new function.

The function is well used.



##### issue #498: Throwing Error when generate a fixed length internet password

This error caused by an incorrect parameter range during a function call, as follow:

```java
// call statement
Faker.instance().internet().password(32, 32, true, true, true);
```

This code is for generating a password with 32 length. 

To find where the error happen exactly,  follow the log of error, I found that the function call another function which is 

```java
faker.random().nextInt(maximumLength - minimumLength)
```

But the function `nextInt()` require a positive parameter, so when `maximumLength = minimumLength`, the function will throw out an error.

To solve the problem, I modified the code into:

```java
faker.random().nextInt(maximumLength - minimumLength + 1)
```





## Plan

4.14: write 5 test scenarios for issues

4.18: download all plug-in: CheckStyle, FindBugs, PMD; complete the document; complete the test

4.22: implement the code for the corresponding issues, and upload the code to GitHub to fix the issue.

4.25: test the code to evaluate the performance 

5.8: submit the report

5.12: finish the issue 379

5.16: finish the issue 378

5.20: finish the issue 431

5.24: finish the issue 414

5.26: finish the issue 570

5.29: finish the issue 546

The leader would assign about 2-3 members to fix each issue. When the developer fix the issue, tester should write the test to reinforce the reliability of the code. Then the leader would view the code, so that each issue would be finished perfectly. Also, we would reschedule the sequence of the issue according to its difficulty and importance. 

| **Link to issues**                            | Type of issues | Estimated time to fix each issue | **Number of people for fixing this issue** | Estimated Difficulty |
| --------------------------------------------- | :------------: | :------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :------------------: |
| https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/379 |    feature     |                3                 |                     2                      |          3           |
| https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/378 |      bug       |                2                 |                     1                      |          1           |
| https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/431 |    feature     |                5                 |                     3                      |          5           |
| https://github.com/DiUS/java-faker/issues/414 |    feature     |                4                 |                     2                      |          4           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/570   |    feature     |                3                 |                     3                      |          3           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/546   |    feature     |                3                 |                     2                      |          3           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/533   |    feature     |                2                 |                     1                      |          1           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/508   |    feature     |                2                 |                     1                      |          2           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/209   |    feature     |                5                 |                     3                      |          4           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/245   |    feature     |                4                 |                     3                      |          4           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/551   |    feature     |                3                 |                     2                      |          3           |
| https://github.com/halo-dev/halo/issues/507   |    feature     |                4                 |                     2                      |          3           |